al al al
t
[Music]
k d k
d
[Music]
K d k
ah
[Music]
[Music] [Music
]
[Music]
ah
ch he
[Music]
[Applause]
G
Oh
[Music]
[Applause]
and
[Music]
H
ah
[Music]
ha
and
[Music]
H
[Music] wave wave
[Music]
wave H
hello  hello
[Music] hello hello hello hello hello hello [Music]
ha
[Music] [Music]
ch [Music]
H [Music] [
Music]
[Music] hello it
sounds good It sounds good let's see
tell me
please tell me if you can see me if you
[Music] can
you hear me how are you how are you how are you what
[Music]
such let's see it sounds good It doesn't sound good
Javi I still haven't seen the mini Go to hell Go
to
hell Well
today there's still a mess some
serious mess
Román let's see
what they've been doing Who are they and
with such a huge investment that they've
made that they have a
peak watching this was what I
television behind that publication and
selling that it is the most watched live in
Spain
eh probably they haven't seen any of
your live shows and they also sent me
this screenshot I say for
doing the same thing they did when they
were on tele5 that is to say lying
aas let's see They just sent me This
extract okay I haven't seen it I'm going to see it
Román Román just notified me, a
handsome kiss, he says Antonio David just said
that he is not going to show the content of
Sálvame but if there is something reportable in
public he will do it
that he does not need
other people's content to have 3500
viewers watching him. Oh let's see, currently what
could have happened is a
physical assault and in addition to the physical assault,
one and this is that the analysis is
perfect Fran and I pick you up in the
following way you were talking about the
lies, truth, the lies,
the lies that occurred within the
edition in which he
participated and what happened happened that you have
perfectly explained it
eh Once again history repeats itself with
survivors
and those who left survivors that's why I
link it they continue to lie and it
has caught my attention because
this has happened to me and I say Hey, curious no and I'm
going to share it with all of you, you're
going to forgive me because I didn't have it
prepared But anyway, it's okay, I'm
going to put it here like this and we'll,
we'll see it like very quickly, right? So
these who have left Tele5 and
that and that have come to YouTube  because
nobody wants them on
television they
continue doing the same thing they did
when they were on tele5, that is,
lying to their
audience most watched live in Spain
400,000 views in just 3 hours
thanks
okay let's see let's see
eh the name they gave it seems like
[ __ ] Eh Not that we were or
that we were a kiss Clara a kiss
gorgeous let's see
the live for this one at this moment it
has 250,000 views I don't know if they're real
Maybe it has something more but of course I
understand that maybe they're adding the
Twitch thing I don't understand what they're
adding Twitch and on Twitch what are they
called kik quicky
quicky
host qui quicky I don't understand what it's
called quicky quicki channel
on Twitch has
on Twitch let's
see on Twitch they have 2001000
of course they have more than 400000
views they have more than 400000 views
What is the
lie that they passed me this
screenshot and it says here it says most
watched live in Spain 400000
views well
mm from there immediately of course They sent me
another one
where they put exactly this to me to see and they
tell me of course 400,000 views
no no no it has not been 400,000
views they send me the screenshot I
share it with you obviously We just
added it up and he
comes to say that there are
[Music]
no no no Antonio David doesn't know that they are on
Twitch too No maybe no he doesn't
know or
what views not happy with
this they send me another screenshot which is
the next one that I'm going to
share the screen Obviously it is
this one that they say to have 400,000
views and sell that it is the
most viewed live in Spain
eh I don't know if there will be another live
throughout the day eh more viewed I don't know what
visits ibai will have had for
example let's see ibai I think it's now in
the morning when the tournament stays
and I'm watching it with a lot of
viewers in the
morning trender hype eh Thanks j and
Joshua and And it is the most viewed today Of course Look
15 hours ago and it has  500,000 or the
most viewed in Spain they are not the most
viewed in Spain they are not and I Juan has been
live all afternoon I don't even know
how many or how many
views and Jo Juan has been live all
afternoon I don't even know how many hours
this boy puts in how is
the
videos if you want to dive into a
payroll account maybe you prefer to do it in
one that makes you feel more free the
payroll account of ing well we have seen
for example the divai we had as an
example the divai the divai is a little more
viewed probably they have not seen some
of your live streams and they have also sent me
this screenshot I say for for the sake of
remembering and to put things
in their place so that they stop continuing to
lie but what does a
live stream that
he did about the Campos I don't even know how
long ago what does it have to do with it
but let's see then well Look
listen to me the most viewed live stream in Spain
will be me eh Let's see in the canijo
I have in the canijo I have live streams with 1
million  700000 views okay on Javi
Oliveira on the
main channel Well I have live streams
with
544 433 400000 on telesalseo
the mic went down Oh right the mic goes
down [ __ ] if I get on Twitter at the same time
dude I don't know why this
[ __ ] [ __ ] automatically lowers the volume I'm
going to have to have it
open there okay But oh well it's understood no I mean it has to
do with uh what does it have to do with the
live streams from another
day Look
500,000 okay I mean I don't understand why he
's comparing it with another live stream from
another day okay Well there are professionals at
lying and probably
uh these people are one of them and
in order to make sense of
those 400,000 views that he says he's
done and that it's the best-
selling live stream in I mean the most viewed in
Spain They send me another screenshot where they
justify those 400,000 views
that I'm sharing with you right now
on screen so we can see it
and you tell me the
following on YouTube  32000 on twit 6000
on Netflix on mstar on telemadrid on
tele albacete on mejor llam Kiko on más
bingo Las Vegas at the
mercadona points at the chinese stores in my neighborhood and
on tel alpedrete to be
continued
very good very good
applaud
well please David I fly to
put transformation on the part of his
lordship after the prosecutor's report
on a mini
television they had to get off because I ca
n't find what Román said But
well Román it doesn't matter, I mean I don't understand
why he has enmity with them no and
and and I don't know well they have this pique and this
story no that we'll see what
becomes of it because I don't know let's see the truth is
that denying that denying that the premiere
eh has gone quite quite quite
well
HM is absurd, I mean like I'm going to be the
first to criticize things about it
when something needs to be criticized okay eh
When they make some mess but from there to
deny the obvious, I mean
eh No, let's see, I mean they literally
had a peak of 40 thousand people
and And that's not  it's not bad the first day
okay
eh 8000 on
Twitch almost 40,000 on YouTube
just by maintaining that
audience we would be talking about tens of
thousands of euros per month okay mm it
's probably not the same amount of money they
can earn on television but I don't know the
truth is that I don't think it's bad at all to
earn tens of thousands of euros
per month okay And apart from that it's what I
told you before, that is to say those people are going to have
sponsors brands that are going to
pay them tens of thousands of euros per
month so surely those people if they
do things right because I also
tell you maybe suddenly when
a week goes by people say Ah this is
[ __ ] [ __ ] and it's very boring and they
take it off okay But if they do things right which I
think they will know about that I have already
noticed that they have been
looking at YouTube and looking at things not
for example they are already uploading excerpts
from the live eh if they do things right they will
surely go far they will
go far and and those 40,000
viewers will surely be more
than 100,000 Look I'm  now in the
morning and you're going to be this week in the
morning I don't know what LOL fight or some
thing like that or W no and it's with one
hundred and something 1 viewers all
night ban ban ban but
banning permanently is worth banning
permanently so well deny it absurd it
seems silly to me let's see regarding
the comment that they just
banned for real and I've said it many
times and I don't mind saying it again you do
n't know what affects me what really gets me
but I'm really telling you eh from the
heart eh I've said it a ton of
times but I've said it a ton of times I do
n't know what can affect my
poll what can piss me off that
suddenly it happens that I see something here
that belongs to the scope of what we
comment on telesalseo or on the
main one and me and and there's an [ __ ]
putting in the chat Z Z Z this is about
this it's not telesalseo
the three channels are mine and in all three
channels I comment whatever the hell comes out
okay but all three  channels on
Twitch on Facebook on Twitter
everywhere we are whoever wants to see me, let them
see it and whoever doesn't, well, they know
where the way is, you
know, but it always happens, always always always always always always always always
that suddenly I'm here to
see something from Daniel Sancho because
But not for nothing but because maybe
we're here at night and he catches me
here live and they send me something like what
just happened, you know or or
suddenly I haven't recorded
HM suddenly I haven't recorded Maybe
something can be
heard well Hello hello hello, can it be
heard well like this Hello hello suddenly
maybe I haven't recorded something from
telesalseo No, I haven't recorded any
excerpt and suddenly I take advantage of the
8 minutes that an excerpt lasts and I
record it to be able to upload a couple of
excerpts to telesalseo to have a
couple of excerpts for tomorrow to upload
there because I've been all day maybe
doing a newscast making a
video the main one and
whatever or whatever I'm on all three channels
all day long dude don't touch my
dick I'm on all three channels all
[ __ ] time  day filling it with content and if
maybe I haven't recorded anything
between gossip because I haven't had time
because I've been preparing this live
or the next one or a video of the main one you're
not going to touch my dick in a
live if I record an excerpt for 8 minutes
If suddenly I'm recording it here
because it happened now and it didn't happen
when I was in telesalseo they
are my channels or rather like Although the
subject matter is divided suddenly if
here in a live they ask me about
Lidia Lozano I can answer no Or it's
banned here the
subject always happens it always happens man This
is my live stream and I'm going to be here for two or
three hours If suddenly I have to do
8 minutes because they just sent me
something that just came out from Daniel Sancho
then I look at it and record it and I get a
video
man W a kiss handsome
eh it sounds good it sounds good in your
pairs please it sounds good on on
Twitter it sounds good on
Twitter there are 1 and a half people
there already it sounds good or what
funker tell me there if it sounds good
please man it really is  that there is no
truth There is nothing that bothers me more
and that makes me more angry than being overwhelmed
when I'm
working There is nothing that stresses me out more
because I already go all day like
a motorcycle and suddenly you put me there
Z Z Z or no No this you here no this you
here okay handsome or mean this me here but
if suddenly I want to do a
physics live today What
happens what would be the problem If
suddenly I want to do a
physics live for real dude stupid Eh
stupid okay let's see I'll see I'm going to
tell you something I don't know if I'm going to be able to
enc I don't know if I'm going to be able to find it
okay let's see if I can find a clip on
Twitter that Dallas was then
commenting on the reason for
Gref and Yuna's breakup okay why they fought and
why and Why Gref kicked her out of the
team
okay I can't find any clip I'm going to go
to Dallas's live to see if I can
catch it at the minute I hadn't
prepared it
having a boyfriend I know that 100% look and I do
n't know okay I don't know how many This is not
fitness okay this  It is what it is d
What information do you have? Well, look,
precisely what I came to tell you is
that what Dasas said yesterday is true, the
reason is that, okay, the reason is
that, uh, the one that
Dallas tells, okay. This is why what
I'm not
looking down on is that there is a
profile,
cones
more to make a flirt, the reason is that
Juna would have criticized Gref's girlfriend,
okay. I don't know what the
audios contained, okay, uh. I don't know what content they
were exactly because it gives me the
impression that it wasn't a very
strong criticism or anything like that, but rather
any pique that the two of them would have,
okay, it seems that the two of them in
public, well, in public,
when they saw each other and met
somewhere, well, they pretended to be
friendly, but in reality, well, the
other one, probably because of
Gref. Well, she was fed up with Juna,
okay. And she's probably fed up with
Juna, not because of Juna as such, but
because of her boyfriend, who is, in the end, the one
who has to respect her, no,
uh, one thing is that you have a joke,
I don't see anything wrong with it.  eh I don't see anything wrong with it it seems
silly to me in fact that you have a
joke here with a friend, it's been
played on me with hundreds of friends here
on YouTube and whoever it is with the l does it to me
all the time and we even
continue the joke
okay But if your partner doesn't
agree and doesn't find it funny or maybe they're
seeing something more than a
joke and more when of course there is a
very big difference and that is that I don't
hide my partner
if you are hiding your partner and you don't
stop traveling with the other one alone things
look bad okay the thing is that
between them in reality there was
some tension and bad vibes okay although they
didn't say it to each other's face Juna would
be telling her I don't know to what extent
eh I don't know the content of the audios I don't
know if maybe there was some lack of
respect within the content of those
audios okay by the way
Yuna speaks I don't know the truth I wouldn't
put my hand in the fire either but
but she was talking bad about her someone
has betrayed her and sent those
audios but come on there it escapes me
How the truth  someone
betrays, in other words, you send some audios to
someone that end up reaching the
protagonist of whom you are talking about,
brutal man, I mean, I don't know who the [ __ ] I
trust, Juna, so that person,
well, yes, Gref has had to
publicly humiliate Juna To
please his girlfriend and so that her girlfriend doesn't
leave him, intense with the other one, hunt
partners, intense, then love yourself a
little, I'm telling you, eh, love yourself a
little, eh Remember that at the end of the day it
's his money, not your money, so you're not going
to get anything from a rich guy, you're never
going to get anything from him, eh, it doesn't matter if
you think that,
just as you think that by going
out with a rich guy you're going to have a
better quality of life or whatever,
because to go out with a person like that,
what do you think about this, of course,
Yes, yes, I spoke to people already, that's what
Dallas said,
eh, What's more, not publicly, but you
did it privately with a person you
trusted and that person betrayed your
trust and sent it to his
girlfriend, how crazy, eh, of
course, but also  eh but it's
also that they are it's that let's see It's that
in confidence I can criticize
whoever the hell I want, I mean at
a specific moment I can criticize
privately even a colleague a friend
let's see Imagine if I feel
bad about something about Ivan, Alanne, Elena or
whoever there is something that I didn't
like about them well I'm not going to make
a video, I'm not going to criticize them
publicly No that's different
because in public you're doing it in
public to throw [ __ ] at them in public
okay But maybe I can
see something One day Hey, I didn't like what
the internet did, I didn't like the
truth look at what
Elena did today it's really ugly another day I'll
tell her Okay but I'm not going to make
a video publicly but in private I
can say whatever the hell I want
as if I want to say [ __ ] how ugly the
attitude that she had today was eh Well
I don't like the truth what she did is very toxic, I do
n't know what the hell I want to do  the thing
But what I do believe and understand is that the
thing goes with the fact that Juna would have criticized
something about Sofia but in a
bad way because the attitude that
Sofia has with Juna no and and and things
like that okay It's not that I'm not going to put my
hand in the fire Nor because I don't know the
content okay I have to hear it
for me to say [ __ ] Juna went too far and I would have gotten
pissed off too
although it was in private okay but one
thing that you eh Let's see one thing that you
can get upset because someone because you
find out Imagine that someone says something
about you in private you can get upset
because someone says something about you in
private you can feel bad but you can't
complain about anything It's that you can't
complain about anything it's that it's in
private
another thing is that I get angry because they
say [ __ ] Well to my face you were saying
something different But if it's in
private It's that in private I can say whatever the
[ __ ] I want because I
'm not making a video I'm not
speaking into a microphone I'm not
speaking in a meeting I'm
speaking to a person in a place where
I trust  the one I'm talking about
and she's not going to leave us from what
we're
talking about, much less fire you from your
job, of course, what happens is that these
people don't have contracts or anything signed,
okay, because I already told you yesterday, I mean,
for me there's no justified reason to
fire her, much less
humiliate me, she has appeared, come on,
eh, terrible, terrible that she doesn't defend herself, I
imagine it's because now she's
afraid of closing other doors, even though what she
did seems terrible to her, gre,
well, but let's see if, eh, now
canceling it will close the
door on her, but I don't understand how Juna doesn't
come out and she says, let's see what happened
is this, this and this, why, because what no, no, no, no,
Juna is not going to
sue him or say anything, for sure, I mean,
now what she has to do is that now what she has to do is that she's
going to try. Well, I've already seen
some other team around here that was
trying to sign her or whatever
or to give her a hard time and of course, what she's
going to try now will be to make a name for herself in
another team, to make a name for herself with other
collaborations and so on, okay, we'll see.  I'm really
down in the statement, but of course she
's down because how could she not
be
down, poor Yuna is going to be left
out of the elite, she's not going to be left
out of the elite, not even if she
cancels it, but the thing is that this guy
has left her in a terrible state, he has left her in a terrible state, the
brat To please his girlfriend, whom he does
n't love very much, if he was
hiding it, I mean, it doesn't make
any sense, it doesn't make
any sense because what
Greev has implied and what Greev has said, well, it gives rise
to a thousand
speculations, it gives rise to a thousand
speculations, people are talking about how she's
a [ __ ] who steals boyfriends, that she
[ __ ], look, it's all kinds of things, I
mean, disparate, disparate things, I mean, I've
heard the same thing, I've
heard that it was a threesome that Grev
found out that he cheated on her with her,
that she [ __ ] a striker from the
team and it's prohibited by the rules, I
mean, I've heard everything throughout the
day and I've
read, I mean, there's nothing worse  there's nothing
worse than things not being said clearly And they
are insinuated because he said it's
personal Well, since it's
personal, people's imagination
is wonderful,
people's imagination is, well, whatever they want, whatever they
want, okay, come out, come out and say no, there
's no [ __ ] d heo what
this
brat did to me. Did you see that Gonzel deleted his
tweet? Yes, Gonzel deleted the tweets
because he'll say, well, they came out yesterday. The
tweets at the salsería, okay. And I know why he
deleted them. He deleted them because there
were a lot of people talking about the tweets
after this live. Okay, and Gonzel
probably said, well, what audience does
Javi have? Let's see, I don't even know how many
views yesterday's had, I haven't
looked at it. Well, I'm seeing here that
Nauter also uploaded a video, I don't know
if there's someone there, I don't know if the other
channels have released Gonzel's tweets.
But well, obviously the people who
are next to Juna are freaking out
a little and are saying what the [ __ ] did
Gref do, okay? The thing is that they're not
going to give  they're not going to show their faces girl, show their
faces, show their faces uncle gabel what the
[ __ ] are they deleting their tweets so as not to close
doors man, so as not to close doors
man, all for not closing doors [ __ ] let
's see what the [ __ ] has this guy done
speculating about me unforgivable personal things I
don't know what I don't know how much no no you you you
what happened to you is that
your girlfriend has put you in the mood and that your
girlfriend She's going to leave you because you're
hiding your girlfriend and flirting with
whoever you
want and to please her he had to
publicly humiliate the
other one But Javi, they're not going to put on a show to make
this bigger but how come they're not
going to put on a show if not yes yes he didn't want to
put on a show what he would have done if he
had the slightest respect for the girl
this fasting well what he should have
done was eh Hey look Juna is no longer going to
be president because her whole
project has come out she can't attend to this she's
overwhelmed but she did it on purpose
because the other one will have demanded that he
humiliate her that he do it So  mark the
ground so it's noticeable no no no no there's
not going to be Yuna in
Gref's live shows neither Yuna nor Yuno nor I
ship nor I ship no man no no
these people don't do things like that these
people normally get along with
everything Kiki these people what they
normally do is the two of them go out there holding
hands and saying thank you she's
been my best president I love you very much she
has another project s and They would have made
a show of it publicly but not even her
partner hasn't let her she hasn't
let her she doesn't even [ __ ] the show she has
n't even let her make a
show Sofia must have said that she's that I
understand Sofia is also t [ __ ] with
herself she must have said that you're going to go out
now with this chick on live show to
say that everything is fine and that you're
friends a dick you're going to throw her out
in front of
everyone you're going to throw her out in front of everyone you're
going to throw her out and what and so that
people see that outside and that this chick is
leaving the elite and that this chick is already leaving
here you know and what  Aha, I'm your president, I
mean, I see it as possible, eh, I see it as possible
that now the president is the girlfriend,
eh. Well, Juna made a statement, she
made a 9-minute live stream, the truth is
in which, I don't know, I don't know why
Juna really did this. I mean,
XD
Auron did something similar with
Rebor and not with Rebor but Auron didn't
defend himself when they accused him, he made
a video that he apologized in case he
had done something. You know, I made a video
apologizing in case he had done
something, it doesn't make sense, let's see it. It's that
Juna's thing, well, if you want to
call it a statement, we call it a statement,
but what it seemed to me is that she
sat in front of the camera and said
hello, because it's just that, no, no, she doesn't clarify
anything, no, she doesn't explain anything,
eh, that she has to give an explanation because, eh, I
have to give an explanation but she doesn't give it.
We are public figures, we are on
screen and obviously a lot of
people see us and of course, news like,
I'm not the president of Sancti Spiritus, people are
going to wonder why it's normal, but I
think that to a certain extent  point because in the
end when they touch on personal issues
when they are
personal things I think that things Well obviously
obviously we have to
respect privacy because we are
people just like anyone who might be
watching this so I think we
all have the right to that privacy and
nothing simply to tell you well that I
am not president of
SENCE people are asking what
happened not as is normal
eh something has happened yes something has happened it is
obviously It is obvious that
something has happened because if nothing had happened
then she would still be president and that's it it
is something so serious Eh Well I think it is not
that serious yes it is yes I understand that
Gref says well she cannot continue
being president of SENCE because in the
end well it is something personal Between him and
I Javi but as much as they had
put on the charade that you talk about people
would be the same and wanting to find out what
happened in the same way What are you saying
man if they had said j other
projects I don't know what I don't know how much come
a hug friend See you later if you want to
come back come back nobody says
anything if Juna says something against Gref they
take her out of the elite they are not going to take her out
of the elite they are not going to take her  They're going to remove them from the
elite, the thing is that yes, it's
true, well, but if it's that
anyway, Juna is no longer going to go to the
Hland, Juna is no longer going, she's not going to go to the
Hland, there are several bad vibes. Do
you believe that Juna is going to the ELAM? For
example, I don't think so,
but I don't think it's something as serious
as the things that are being said,
nor all this that has been put together? So it
has nothing to do with the club, I don't know
if I've said this before because I've been
thinking about this for a long time. I mean, I've been
thinking about this all night, all day, it
's not something that has to do with the
club or with anyone who concerns the club
and nothing. Up until now, I'm fine, I
mean, I want to say, one thing is that we
had a problem and another thing
is that we get along really badly and
What's up? No, no, I'm going to continue greeting everyone
the same and well, but well, there has been a
personal problem,
eh. On the other hand, Eh, In the end, Sence, well, I
'm not the president of Sans, but it's
true that it's still my team. Javi,
Luna's agency is  the same one that
moans and gonzaba also of course Yes yes
but look you no gref I mean but
even though the agency is involved or
rather the agency is involved And what
So the other one the other one can and I
can't or how is it
the agency Of course the agency
that gives a touch to gref who has been
the first
not be I still love the girls the
staff everyone because in the end I have
lived some very beautiful moments with her you
see the commitment for all those things to be
grateful for all this time that I have been
in the team to be grateful for all the treatment that
I have had with Well with
everyone no you know that for me sayan it
will be a family
and in a certain way it will not be the same but
it will continue to be and nothing just to
say that And how good the people who are going to
wonder what happened
are going to make speculations and such of course
guys well in the end you have to understand
that even though we are public it is something
personal You know I mean it is between us and that's it
and I think that the kids
who follow it do not care, they do not care, they do not care I
mean that you say no no but well in the
end  It's personal, we're not going to say anything, it
's between us, they don't care, they don't
care, we have the
right to privacy and that's it, it's
a shame. Yes, it makes me very sad to
leave the team, but what there is. I mean, in the
end I understand the decision because it was
n't going to be the same, I mean, no, nothing else
that I don't want to say because maybe
she also looks bad in those audios,
but
come on, I don't
know, we're going to be so happy, we're not going to
be so good anymore, but it's not a
thing, no, it's not crazy, you know, it's not
crazy or the nonsense that I'm
reading, eh, nor absolutely anything like that.
And I think that, well, more or less
you know it, and well, what I care about is
the opinion of the people,
well, the people who love me, the
people who see me, and more or less, well, you
know how I am and nothing,
eh, that fact is not something that you
say. Well, it's an unforgivable fact,
people are freaking out, they're freaking out, but
well, it's not like that either,
and that's it, and that's it, yes, it's not, it
's not like that, I understand the decision and it doesn't say.
nothing will delete gref the photos with juna on
Instagram
damn But that would be too Hardcore
not very childish it wouldn't be very but of course Yes
yes if we are in that plan
but of course The thing is you
remove remove so much content
don't remove so much
content
[ __ ] I don't know the truth very risky
that already
eh Very risky I do
n't respect her anymore because in the end
everyone has our point of view and that's it
and and I have nothing more than to Add I mean in the
end when there is a problem there are
always two sides there are always two
points of view and it's normal and it's
understandable that's it
Oh and nothing little ones in the end Well
the paths
separate and I don't think we should look for let's
say
guilty oamp people the chat is
saying that everything eh taking one
side taking
another seems silly to me I think
we are adults enough to solve
our problems and that's it
and nothing me samam always in the end the
girls there a kiss he doesn't want to no no he doesn't
want to really show what he thinks dude he doesn't want to
really show what he
thinks because he does
n't want to risk losing the
collaborations that he
has either because of the agency or because of the
rest of the group in general
Well, there's no more I mean, if respect is all very
well and keeping
things private and solving things
in private, of course they're great if
the other person hadn't done what they did.
No, no, it seems perfect to me. Yes, I
am completely in agreement if the
other person hadn't done what they did,
but of course what you're not going to do is
good, yes, they are going to do it what you're not going to
do is let yourself be humiliated, let yourself be
humiliated and then go out and say, well, hey,
everything's fine, everything's fine, we're
adults, we're going to fix things and that's it. It's all good, eh. Let's
see, let's listen to what
Gemita said and there are many two and a half and it has
n't opened
directly yet. I hope he doesn't have to be having a
good time. 2:30 and it hasn't
opened directly yet. Javi, the one who humiliated
was Yuna Sofía and I love Yuna, what a
car. Well, I don't know what
Yuna Sofía has humiliated, I mean, when for
me it's that I don't know what I have, we lack
information, obviously that we don't
handle, but man, the one who is responsible is
the one who has a partner,
I'm not saying it, eh, I say, I
hope he doesn't have to be  having a
good time and I think that on David's part
some of the statements he
made yesterday have been totally unnecessary and that those statements have
only served to feed the
gossip mongers that everyone
is talking about it that
everyone is, I mean,
eh has had
more balls in this Gemita that Juna well
at least she has said I don't find
what she said elegant I find
many of the things that
Gemita said unnecessary warrior mode No no it's that what
Gemita said is true in a
calm way chill I'm asking you what
happened that she's speculating and as you
know no I mean don't say
anything to let people
speculate to let people speculate
Don't say anything better because
now people speculate they think this they
think that
and they go to and they go to speculate
things worse than what really
exists it
's always better to say it no matter how bad it
seems to you or for that it's always
better to say it before than
before it is speculated no many times what is
thought and what is speculated is
much worse than what it is in reality
and that is what it is what it has given man
alne but You still have an account I'm going
to take the key from you Hey Juna hasn't
humiliated Sofia, the one who has to
respect his partner, he is the one who has to show respect to his partner, he is the one who
leaves the rest with their asses in the air so
that there are all kinds of speculations and
she has lowered her ears but but
but of
course
totally totally
Javi in ​​a year Juna tells everything in a
podcast let's see in time we don't know what
can happen of course in time in time whatever
you want can
happen of course in time HM can happen of course maybe suddenly in
time she already has another path and has
projects that she has already secured and that she doesn't
need collaborations
Maybe she sees herself Right now that she depends
a lot on collaborations and she doesn't
want to risk them because if nothing else, no
other thing, I don't
understand, gref always
wins, totally,
totally, foot, eh obviously something has happened
I'm not saying it, I mean I wish I had, from
my point of view, what I would have done
is Hey something has happened okay but
Leave through the front door Let Yuna
say that she's leaving for personal reasons,
for work reasons
and nobody speculates, nobody knows anything Everything
stays behind closed doors,
who you  has said this since
[Music]
yesterday who has told us this since
yesterday But also literally
literally your
dad I have always said that
serious things have to be opened from the inside out you
have to do them from the
inside out and you save yourself the whole
media circus that is being
created around
doing it like this if there were any yes this is how you
always act Okay but he couldn't do it like this
but this is how you always
act gemita just like when you and
gref broke up and pretended for a
while that gref hadn't done anything wrong
and that you were so
happy And you didn't say anything Why Well
because you're in greev's agency
because that's the
same thing that now you remember
Gema now you remember Gema from
two years ago and And now you're
empathizing with Juna and you've gotten
a little bit more out of yourself that she's worth it but that's how it is it's like that
literally and the other one always
gets his way and gets out of it the way he wants
Look at him the
the gref has done what he had to
do to get out of the way  with the
argument with the girlfriend the girlfriend said
here I caught you I was already there damn
the moon is
okay here I caught you this one can't be
with you traveling let's go no traveling it
's that they did live together in the
booth of the kin the two of them alone
in a booth and in gre's room I
think they also did live No I have
seen many times I don't follow the
kin thing Only the gossip but it
seemed to me I saw the two of them in a
miniature on more than one occasion
Not on the weekends with this thing of
the games And how is it going to be
girl I'm going to be here in the
living room and you're going to be in the room with
this chick who no no no no no she didn't put it
out But besides she put it out well she put it
out that people say that this chick
but apart from that the
other one so much the other so much the other Sofia
okay that it makes me very sad because in the
end I think that is another victim in the
end here no in the
end she and greev both one and the
other know what will fall to Luna
okay let's see family you who  you've
been here with me for a while okay [ __ ]
you guys who have been here
with me for a while you who have been here
with me for a while mind you I can understand the
girlfriend's annoyances of course
perfectly but the rule is in
private no alanne because it's reached a
point it's reached a point where
Noa is fed up to the [ __ ] [ __ ] she's such a
[ __ ] go find out with things we won't
know if this kid nothing more than nothing
more we have to see it and to understand
the way she acts we've been
following her way of acting for a long time Well
just like she hides her girlfriend
publicly okay because one thing is that
you don't expose her but another thing
is that you go around as a single selling a ship
with the other one flirting and you
travel alone with the other one Dani a
kiss but V not with the other one with the other one
with Gemita they met recently no no those are
things that a girlfriend you can
put up with if you have the whole thing let's see you can put up with her
I can go with Alazne to
Australia on a trip and the geek won't get mad
nor will Lorena get mad and I can go
to  North Pole Why Because yes because you
trust
because you
trust because you
know okay pass me the link that
Inc is sending me I don't know what no no no
no let's see what I was telling you
guys you who have been here with me for a long time you have been
here with me your whole lives
since you were
little when when gref
let's
see who can't imagine Who can't imagine
what
Twitter and all the people are going to speculate when gref
comes out saying after the whole
story there is a shipping
a girlfriend who is hiding people have been
finding out because they saw this photo and
this reflection in the sunglasses what are
people going to speculate and especially the [ __ ]
the [ __ ] Twitter fandom soccer because
in the end Akin Lee is that Not soccer fans what are they
going to speculate when gref comes out
saying something personal has happened
professionally very well
the girl works well But something very strong has happened
very strong a personal problem
in which we can't be together what are
people going to think are we idiots
Of course we know gref knows and  Sofia
knows what they're going to speculate Of course they know they
know perfect what they're going to
speculate If they don't tell Well look what
happened was This, she caught these
audios this other one betrayed me
and the other one did
this Of course they know what they're going to
speculate they're going to speculate that she's a
[ __ ] who got into a couple
that the gr Has [ __ ] them both that's what
twit
football is going to say they're not going to say Oh well
Surely they've fought over a
notebook I just wrote to me
ah I
can't say who just wrote to me no no no no no we don't
know the content of the audios
everyone knows what
people are going to speculate about nobody is going to say well
surely they've fought because
because the other one left their
notebook and the other one wrote in the
notebook or added up in a lined notebook
instead of a squared one what no no
no all Twitter football is going to put
the other one down they're going to put her down they're
going to call her a [ __ ] they're going
to say that  she's [ __ ] I don't know how many of the
team and gref knows that gref
knows that when when she does that
live
yesterday one is no longer president of
Science is what I would have done it was not
done like that because he just
wrote to me one of the protagonists of
some of the content of the day
okay not to close not to surround it
in not to surround it in this live of the
content of the day okay it could be I don't
know if I have released the news today extracts
of telesalseo direct of direct salseo
okay it's that there is a lot of speculation and there is a lot of
[ __ ] and a lot of dissemination and
everyone is rambling what happened she has
made deals
not of
note what about I don't know
what and everything could have been much
more elegant and much easier and it has not
been like that something has happened yes something has happened
guys this happens it's real life
sometimes things happen and that's it
lamentable lamentable lamentable lamentable that's why I
tell you
that my goodness the chat is Knowing you
the gravity of what you have done you being
president would you throw her out
I sincerely yes plan yes yes yes yes That's why I
tell you that I'm not going to judge  to
no one I'm not going to play to
no one okay that said
but Cristina as long as
the Mister doesn't leave and someday that will also come I
mean someday will also come that I will
leave but either because the club
doesn't consider that I should continue or
because the players consider that I should not
continue or because I
consider that my path or my objective
is
elsewhere today we ask our president
juna Clark who has led with passion and
dedication to the s
Yes but this is not it is not the
official account no Ah yes it is the
official account Look personal matters was given to
a player or left with digref one of
the
two no juna No
sans no one believed in her and she was able
to lift a club of
Dead gre seeing how she preferred the
goalkeeper before him
no com no
comment no comment
Why does it dynamize it so much Okay guys in
any case let's listen to yuna
I come to say let's listen to the
president but me but how can she have so
little shame
man I didn't believe that you were batting me
But how are you going to
have But how are you going to have the nerve
Uncle, I play a game that sometimes doesn't even talk but the
chat really livens it up. Okay guys
anyway let's listen to Yuna. I
can say let's listen to the
president but of course for whatever reason
no longer. Hello, how are you?
Good morning, ch. Hello. Here to eat, do you see me
well? I don't know if I have much coverage. I
put the WiFi on and that's what I want you to get
rid of that shitty sofa. Oscar, do you
want me to ban you you piece of
[ __ ] d? The truth is everything is
planned so that he becomes the president of the
I thought it was a troll, eh, I
thought it was a troll because of the
fight the other day. Hehe, no kidding, your
amazing mom has to be the new
president guys. The truth is, if I'm
honest, I'm not thinking about a new president, nor do I think it's the time to think about it, it's time to think about the World Cup and do it as best as possible in Mexico. Okay, it's coming. XSS feminine, what the hell are you doing sponsoring us, Sence? Hey, is there food in nowi? Or are they still doing chicken in
v? Guys, it's important, let's
concentrate because if not, the people who
are here for the gossip, damn it's going to go
crazy.  to say gref has been live for an hour
and hasn't commented anything [ __ ]
I'm wasting my time
Although then they waste it commenting on
Twitter for 8 hours but you understand I mean you have to
value the time of these people
Let's go this This is like what
Dallas was saying it's not like taking the
heat off the matter but I don't know if I have
much coverage here you can
hear it down there guys I'll
turn it up a bit I'll put it at 200 okay boo let
's wait for it to come in Well you
know there's something we need to
talk about so you can listen to it really guys
can you give me the okay Please I don't
want you to tell me later I don't know I heard
a
dick you've got me fed up today let's
see Sur since you're here fishing for
any kind of gossip for
today's video at least you've got a little bit of an
[ __ ] is that I should stick
a [ __ ] counter up your ass too
fast I'm going
[ __ ] he's here they are all the
vultures
guys here the bastard is forcing the
role
dude always force the way eh Let's see
But what did he put on me  you're fed up
today And on top of that
some guy gives him
1 euro insults him live and
outside it's like he should shove
a [ __ ] meter up your ass too
fast I'm going
[ __ ] he's here they're here all the
vultures kids all the vultures
waiting for their
food silence it happened
recently everyone you know what
I'm talking about and Well I think
some things need to be cleared up
eh everything is getting out of hand
obviously as is normal No if I do
x thing even if it's stupid it's already getting out
of hand Imagine with this news what
people were going to say
and come on it was normal
[ __ ] I have a bad cough Sorry we
forgive you yuna it was normal it was
more or less expected I got the cough an idea of ​​​​the
comments that they were going to see and the people
who were going to say things that are
obviously not true well the people who
know me you already know a little bit how I am and I
also don't think there is a need to give much
explanation yes it is true that there is
eh we have to give an explanation because eh
we are public figures we are on
screen and obviously a lot of people see us
and not as a plan of I am not
president of sencecia the  people are going to
wonder why it's normal but I think
to a certain extent because in the end
when they touch on personal issues when they are
personal things I think that things Well
obviously there is obviously that
privacy must be respected because we are
people just like anyone who might be
watching this so I think we
all have the right to that privacy and
nothing
simply to tell you well that I
am not president of
sancia people are asking what
happened not as is normal
eh something has happened if something has happened it is
obviously It is obvious that
something has happened because if nothing had happened
then I would still be president me
guys I am so quiet because if I have
something to comment apart from her words I will
say it But well so far everything is
quite normal I have nothing to say she
says nothing girl we forgive you Juna
listen to me listen to me but if you are not
saying anything Of course you are going to comment
if the girl is
with the girl is not telling the truth
Javi do you think that due to social pressure and the
level of
spectators people will ask gref to be
back be president again
Juna let's see p they are asking him Yeah
clear
but  Let's see, what do I
know? As long as he's still with his girlfriend, I
understand, no,
no, unless suddenly things
change and suddenly he's not with his
girlfriend and after a while he makes out with
Juna and Juna says, Oh well, come here,
nothing happened, I mean, that's what I said yesterday. Well,
she's also saying it in her own way
and that's it, and that's it,
it's something very serious. Eh. Well, I think it
's not that serious,
yes, I understand why Gref says, well, she can't
continue being president of Sence
because in the end, well, it's something personal
between him and I, but I don't think it's something
as serious as the things that are being
said, nor all this that has been
put together. Let's see, here there are some very
important words from Yuna. She says that it's not
something so serious and that it's not something as
serious as what people are saying
because you know that people. Well, by
talking and speculating, they always go to
extremes and can say all kinds of
crazy things, but there's something that I appreciate her
saying and that for me is very important
and that is that she literally says that she
understands that she stops being a liar's t  and
cora
Vale says it's true that juna has now
become a meme. I understand that gref
has his motive but it doesn't seem right to me
that he doesn't have the courage to deny certain
theories or lessen the onslaught of
comments that
she must be receiving knowing that no matter how much
she denies her theories her word is
no longer worth anything. No one knows the
real reason, president, is that she is a p for what
could have happened then [ __ ] me
that she says those words when she is the
person who stops being president. Well,
I personally, I mean personally, I really
appreciate it because it's a part of a
host. I understand that gref
HM kicked me out as president for what I've
done, which for me is not something so serious
but I understand it. So [ __ ] me,
I appreciate those words, fast
the truth. So it has nothing to do
with the club, eh. I don't know if I've said it
before because I've been
thinking about this for a long time. I mean, I've been
thinking about this all day, eh, it's not
something that has to do with him. Is your
relationship with juna still
good? Now what  I'll say
but outside of Science Yes the truth is I
have respect for her I have affection for her for what
we've been through and everything that is part of
SENCE I have nothing against her
nor do I sincerely believe that I have a bad
relationship with her we have continued talking
these days to communicate it and to
tell you all and I don't consider
that I have a bad relationship with Juna it's a
lie it's a lie it's a lie it's a lie I'm telling you but
come on
100% it's a lie it's a
lie this eh this is a lie this is a lie I'm telling you 100%
eh
completely lie
completely always apart from the team
apart from
Science Maybe she said today I'm going to
calm the waters or she asked her to I do
n't know okay
But this is a lie okay neither with
anyone that concerns the club
and and nothing For me until now with the fact that
a Formula 1 is heard, it's that
really this channel It's scary that we
're still listening and
a Formula 1 of Fernando Alonso from 2014 is heard It
can only happen on this channel It's
something I guys really can't
control everything that happens  I
apologize, eh, I mean, I can't control
that this kid just turned 33 months old, it
's something inevitable, it's like Thanos, do you
understand well? I mean, one thing
is that we had a problem and another
thing is that we get along really badly
and what's up? No, no, I'm going to say
hello anyway and well, but well, there has
been a personal problem, eh, that's what I just told
you. I also say hello Jai, did you
see about autoclick, who is
that? No, I don't have any problem eh with
Juna, seeing an event, greeting her,
being with her or whatever, really, there
is no problem, just as she no longer
has it with me, only that as far as the
team is concerned, well, we are not going to
be together anymore, okay, not
anywhere, that is something important that
needs to be made clear and that also, well, I do
n't ask anywhere, another thing is what they
have to do for the agency,
okay, another thing is what they have to
do for the agency, it makes me very sad
that a girl who is also valid, I
mean, there are a lot of people who say no because she's
not worth anything, just because she's hot,
no  I know I've seen the ones with the girl,
the girl decides she does her thing and
I know what I know, the girl is fine, right? I mean, really, she
's fine, right? But she has to
humiliate
herself, man, I mean, it's a shame that she has to
humiliate herself and let herself be humiliated and on top of that,
she's seeing Gref's reaction,
lying on top of that, making him look like
a gentleman, you're going to come across now,
no, because now he's like, look what a
gentleman I am, I'm not going to turn
people on him, you know, lie,
lie, Javi, can you go see what
Maria said about Gref's girlfriend and the thing
with Juna, she explains everything in the live broadcast, she
deleted it but a Twitter user has it,
who is Maria, what
Maria, I appreciate you saying it, congratulations
on the 3 years to Arón, eh. On the other
hand, well, I'm not the president of Sas, but it
's true that it's still my
team, I mean, I still love girls, the
staff, everyone because in the end I've
lived through some very moments, you must
be a [ __ ] joke, ger, to ask you a
big favor And it's that
2ed past and further back because I said it
personally that although we are
also important public the first
is that regardless of what everyone
can talk about speculate the reality is
that nobody has the absolute truth
apart from us, I mean Only the
two of us know what happened and we
keep it to ourselves and simply
others can have an opinion they can speculate
they can say a thousand things but nobody is going to
have the truth or will know that they have
the truth Only the two of us So we
keep it to ourselves and the rest of
the people only have to respect that because
many people know the truth man You're
a [ __ ] liar the truth is known by
many people and the truth is that
okay the truth we have already said it
okay Say it all Javi No no no there is no more
to that I mean it's the same as with all
the yesterdays it is the truth but yes it is true that no no no that they
are not
friends nor do they have any problem That
is not true they have ended
badly another thing is that later they meet at
an event and greet each other that I don't know maybe out of
politeness yes but or for
example I don't think he would even invite her to the
elan
eh a lot  rage that he gets from the Capi
vipi are lies and nowadays people
don't know the reason behind
something that personal reason you understand what a personal
reason is between us
personal for us it's true what
Lady says eh I mean in the end he
humiliated her he
humiliated her But he continues
hiding his girlfriend I mean it's not like his
girlfriend has demanded that he give her his
place don't imagine Hey look
give me my place no no no no no she she has
asked to be humiliated
but but without any
news is what there is and here Yuna says
something very very very important that I
appreciate her saying and that is that she says
that nothing would be the same that we
would not be able to be in a game in the
same way that we were nor would we be
able to play a game with the same
joy and with that camaraderie that
we had And I appreciate her telling her very much
Because it is a reality regardless
of what has
happened the truth is that we were not going to
have we were not going to go back  have that
call it chemistry call it camaraderie
call it desire to do a stream
together whatever it is to share the
presidency At the end of the day Because for
me that's what we've
done so at the moment in which
man realize the [ __ ] spectacle
that he's putting on eh I mean if you don't
want to put on a spectacle Javi the dib that he doesn't talk to her
or follow her it could be
related no no no it's going to It has
nothing to do with it I don't think so let's go no I don't it doesn't
fit me anywhere but look at you
but look at you eh the show that he's putting on
When this would have been yesterday,
the two of them would have cordially done a live show
making a fool of themselves in front of the people no,
well Juna has other projects I don't know
what I don't know how much and outside and not talking anymore, he
did what he did yesterday now she made a statement
now he reacts to the
statement that point comes to that, well as I
said yesterday it's better to put an
end to the story okay and well I do
n't know if it says something more important, anything you
say Well it's an unforgivable fact
people are freaking out they're freaking out
but well it's not like that either yes yes it
's true that  people are freaking out
and of course they're probably saying
some really crazy things but I've
also spoken to Juna about this
privately people are now saying some really
crazy things speculations and crazy things
because it's the first day since it was
announced but like never before people are going to
really know what happened
and we're not keeping it to ourselves as we've
asked people to understand and
respect in a few
days no one is going to care
what a [ __ ] fake guy what a [ __ ]
fake what a [ __ ] fake kid I mean the
translation of this is she went to him and
said listen to me they're
making me a [ __ ] we'll
fix it or I'll tell you what happened or I'll
tell the truth Or what's going on and she
said listen to me this is the first
day tomorrow nobody's going to talk anymore Don't get me
into trouble this agency the
events [ __ ] guy really eh [ __ ] guy
really eh
how heavy you how
heavy because people are really eager
to talk and want to guess and
speculate but since we give these
statements and we're the ones who
want to keep it personal talking  no matter
how much people talk in the end there is no
other choice but to accept that and that is what
will happen and that's it, that's it, yes it is not it is not
that way I understand the decision I respect it
because in the end everyone has
our point of view and that's it and and I have no choice
but to Add So in the end
when there is a problem there are always two
sides there are always two points of view and it's
normal and it's understandable that's it
p El portu all for some chestnuts I
wish it was all for some chestnuts
[ __ ] Okay that's it guys today is
the last day that we will talk about I
know that a lot of people Well no, Juna
must be disgusted right now,
Greev didn't like the way I
announced this and I know that a lot of people think that It should have
been Juna who
said that for personal reasons she is
leaving Sence and I would simply like to
say something about that do you really
think that if Yuna had plugged in
straight away one day and said guys I'm
leaving Sans for personal reasons do
you really think that people would not have
wondered why Yuna is leaving why  he's
leaving what a [ __ ] fake guy he
talked this over with her just so you know he
talked this over with her she
told her dude We should have
done this Just like that just like he
told her Gemita also Gemita also
said it Okay what a fake guy he's
justifying himself for the filth he's
done dude what a fake guy lolilla Dallas
exposed him What a hypocrite I love you so much
J What Dallas said is talig eh I
mean what Dallas said is the truth I
don't know how the [ __ ] he found out but
that's it okay I mean Juna sent him she started
talking bad about his girlfriend in private but
it's not that either I mean I don't even know what it is
eh really I don't know if it's something that's not
like Juna talking bad about her every
day they couldn't see each other maybe it
was a one-off criticism of something one
day in a moment you know what I mean Imagine
that you take your friend and you say to her
[ __ ] what a [ __ ] what a [ __ ] ugly shitty dress this girl is
wearing Today you have to
see this chicken that she has messed up with
boyfriend no what a fake guy what a fake says flocon faker than you deleting the video interviewing the author of that weird book it's not Javi man flocon the truth is I don't know if he's right or not in deleting eh an interview where a guy was saying crazy in which he said that the queen had been
given cocaine no Or she was giving
cocaine he's the first one who likes
drama no no but it's that clear This is going to
explode Eh This is going to explode eh here's
more eh here's more
eh I'm sorry to say the unpopular opinion of
the night but if it's because of what
Dallas says I see Gref's decision as normal
the decision is worth it Of course the decision is
worth it
the decision It's fine but he
could have done it another
way man how are you going to be out of
work how are you going to be out of
work There's really a
president who's happy now that there are
no games in the Queens League there's no
pressure and with Friday just around the
corner it's really funny to me How
easy it is to have an opinion when you're not living
something and what you have in front of you is what
has happened but it's very complicated to put yourself
in the situation that you raise, do you
really want to chat that if Yuna had
said guys I'm leaving Science for
personal or work reasons, do you
really believe that the same people who are
speculating and coming up with theories would not have come up with
theories about why she is leaving?
No, seriously, do you believe that people would
accept it and that's it, it's more Yes, there they would
even say what the [ __ ] did that
[ __ ] Gref do to make Yuna leave
Science?
Lie, lie, he is justifying himself and he
is trying to cover up.
Lie, lie, lie,
the same would have been speculated, the same would not have been
speculated gu, the same would not have been
speculated, not a chance, it would not have
mattered, it would have been
news and that's it. If she had come out
so normal and had said, well, or with
him in her live, she does not have to go out
in her live, she has to go out in his
live, who is the president,
no, and she [ __ ] and do a Stream so
normal, but let's see what you are
telling me, let's see if she [ __ ] with him
and does a live, the two of them in a good mood,
come on, man, little hearts Love, I don't know what, it
would not have mattered to anyone, I would have
seen the topic today. Oh  well she's gone in in in their
fandom
In their fandom Well
the topic would have been well because she's gone I don't
know what for two days and out but here he
has humiliated her he has let her speculate
knowing what they were going to speculate okay the
girlfriend thing happened and apart from that juna's friends have
posted tweets implying what has
happened or that something has happened and that gre
has behaved
badly what were gonzaba's tweets from
yesterday let's see if now that we know it makes
more sense what video had I left Ah no That was
the video that came out of dala man it
pisses me off that the browser does that
you can't imagine
where gonzaba's t's were In
which one In this one
that maybe lar hasn't left it included in
any extract it's not loose
here it
seems like nonsense comp today I read
look today I
read even that the girl poses some kind of
threat in whatever area because she is
more successful prettier receives more attention
etcetera And yes sad but yes okay here
gabela is telling you that it was the
other chick who caught juna  because he
saw it as a threat because she is more
successful she is
prettier
look and today he deleted it Look sometimes in
life you just have to say XD and for
adante okay and they deleted it but we all
know what happened
but it is very easy to analyze what is
happening without imagining what could have
happened and you know what the worst thing is
guys is if for example juna had
gone live and said that I would have had to
do an
Oscar performance here on Twitch and I would have had to act
surprised I should have
said [ __ ] yuna she's leaving
Science well I
hope she comes back Someday the whole chat
telling me no gref e Make the president
stay when the decision was that she
stops being president because she
made a mistake and therefore that is what I have
decided as owner of the
club that on the day of announcing it but I
ask you a question if yuna had
announced it like that What would have happened in the
following
months that every day people would be
reminding me Hey greev bring one
back who left for personal reasons
but we need her to make the
difference  The most important thing here is that I
can be many things. I can be
half bald. I can be eh a
crooked dick or an eh [ __ ] doll. I don't know why I
said that. I can be many things
but guys, at this point, having been
in front of the camera for 12 years, what I'm
not going to do is come here and tell you
a [ __ ] story that I'm not.
Of course, now people
are speculating and Yuna will have to
put up with certain comments,
ag, they're not true, this is what she
told him, eh, I mean, this is what she told
him so nothing.
Yuna will have to put up with these
comments, of course, and why don't you tell
the truth? And why don't you tell the truth
so that you have to put up with the
comments and not
her, I mean, she's convincing, on top of that, she's a
tremendous guy and only she and I have the
truth, but the thing is that in 3 days this
will be forgotten if we announce it
the way she's leaving Sence. Well,
for personal reasons or
work reasons, the one who would have to
put up with
Yuna's comments for a very long time is for her to come back  to the
president and what about when he really
made a mistake and that's why he left
Sence, it would have been
me. Check out Twitter, the son of m3x I B3 rgz
is being called for messing with a
15 year old, he's always getting into trouble
like this Cab sees that you mention something to me about that
guy, he's like a politician, he talks a lot but does
n't say anything
and that he would have been a huge liar and I'm
so sorry guys. But after
all this time I'm not going to be false with
you. I'm sorry from the bottom of my heart, apart from the fact that
people would have speculated the same, so
the conclusion is that, man, I think the ones who have
explained
everything best, regardless of
everyone's opinions, are
us. People have no choice but to
respect that. Yuna has sincerely
surprised me a lot with these statements
and by saying this live, which I
appreciate and as much as now
people are commenting a lot on the
subject, talking and
talking, there's no choice but to respect
our decision and for it to stay
personal. Close this chapter,
period, and we're going to the
World Cup. I won't touch this subject again,
okay,
champions, the president of the and I don't
want to see any clips or  no
reaction to what happened between juna
sence and me ok the only video that
mattered to me is what
yuna said I won't touch this subject again
I imagine a chocas in an after kins man
The donation that you made that is m it is already
taken out of the middle It is already
taken out of the middle it is already
anyway t It's that what a nerve
man anyway family What's going on [ __ ] well
the nonsense We've been here almost almost two
hours
eh we're going to leave it here okay I'm
going
guys a kiss handsome a kiss handsome
see you tomorrow Okay See you tomorrow a
kiss get some rest bye an